we can't release Yeong-ro.
That's why we need to let him see
that his daughter is safe.
Are you sure
you can handle the consequences?
Yeong-ro's such a daring girl.
You think she won't try something?
The election is in eight days.
Calming Eun Chang-su and buying time
takes priority for now.
All right. Do as you wish, then.
How dare you lock me in the basement?
You want to die?
Do you want to die?
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry, sir!
I'm sorry.
I didn't do it because I wanted to.
He told me to do it,
so I had no other choice.
In the South,
you must do as the ANSP says,
or you die.
Please don't kill us.
We had no idea.
You know why I'm beating you.
How dare you lock me in there?
Let go.
Let go!
Stop it!
Stop?
So someone got your back?
You think I'll go easy on you
like comrade Lim?
Eun Yeong-ro.
Follow me.
Get on my nerves again, and I'll kill you.
Eun Yeong-ro.
If Yeong-ro tries to tell them who I am,
you can shoot her.
But don't kill her.
Your father wants to see if you're safe.
My dad?
Let me talk to him over the phone.
Let me talk to him.